# MetaInsightCOVID

MetaInsight is an interactive web-based tool that conducts network meta-analysis requiring no specialist software for the user to install but leveraging established analysis routines (specifically, but not exclusively, the netmeta 1.2-1 gemtc 0.8-4 BUGSnet in R) ( Owen et al. 2019 ). The regular version of the app can be found elsewhere ( https://crsu.shinyapps.io/metainsight ).

With the evidence on treating COVID19 rapidly evolving, we have created a special version of our app - MetaInsight: COVID19 - tailored specifically around the up-to-date evidence from randomised controlled trials on the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for COVID19. We updated the data included in this app regularly up til 19th October 2020 as it became available. As well as updating the data, we increased the functionality of the tool as well periodically.

This tool is designed to act as a dynamic, and interactive tool for analysis of network meta-analysis with an emphasis on visualisation of data and analysis results. In every meta-analysis, subjective judgements have to be made including the studies and data included and the analysis method used. As others have noted ( Ahern et al. 2020 ), traditional static evidence summaries force the quality assessment criteria and analytical choices of the authors onto all stakeholders, some of whom may have different views on key features of the analysis. Through tools such as this, users can, with ease, take control of the evidence synthesis using their preferred analytic approach to ascertain how robust findings are to alternative analysis strategies and study inclusion criteria and assess the appropriateness of the modelling assumptions made etc.

If you use this app, please cite is as: Xin, Y., Nevill, C.R., Nevill, J. et al. Feasibility study for interactive reporting of network meta-analysis: experiences from the development of the MetaInsight COVID-19 app for stakeholder exploration, re-analysis and sensitivity analysis from living systematic reviews. BMC Med Res Methodol 22, 26 (2022) https://doi.org/10.1186/s12874-022-01507-x
